CONTRIBUTING.md, before:


# Contributing to object-storage-extension-samples

The object-storage-extension-samples project team welcomes contributions from the community. Before you start working with object-storage-extension-samples, please
read our [Developer Certificate of Origin](https://cla.vmware.com/dco). All contributions to this repository must be
signed as described on that page. Your signature certifies that you wrote the patch or have the right to pass it on
as an open-source patch.

## What should I know before I get started?
Hand on VMware Cloud Director Object Storage Extension; and want to integrate new object storage platforms with OSE.

Have overall picture of [OSE architecture](https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-Cloud-Director-Object-Storage-Extension/index.html). 

Know about OSE extensiblity framework. 

## How Can I Contribute?
- Report/Fix bugs
- Suggest/Implement enhancements
- Add OSE extensiblity implementation for new object storage platforms

## Contribution Process
Follow the [GitHub process](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo)

## Code Style
Java - [Intellij](https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/) default code style

Python -  PEP8 standards: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/pep8

## Required Information
We follow the conventions on [How to Write a Git Commit Message](http://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/).

Please send a GitHub Pull Request with a clear list of what you've done.

When opening a new issue, try to roughly follow the commit message format conventions.

The following information must be included for new committed sample implementation.
- Author Name and Email Address
- Compatible OSE and Storage Platform Version
- Minimal/High Level Description
- Any KNOWN limitations or dependencies

Commit message:

update README.md CONTRIBUTING.md and source code copyright

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:


# Contributing to object-storage-extension-samples

The object-storage-extension-samples project team welcomes contributions from the community. If you wish to contribute code and you have not signed our contributor license agreement (CLA), our bot will update the issue when you open a Pull Request. For any questions about the CLA process, please refer to our [FAQ](https://cla.vmware.com/faq).

All contributions to this repository must be
signed as described on that page. Your signature certifies that you wrote the patch or have the right to pass it on
as an open-source patch.

## What should I know before I get started?
Hand on VMware Cloud Director Object Storage Extension; and want to integrate new object storage platforms with OSE.

Have overall picture of [OSE architecture](https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-Cloud-Director-Object-Storage-Extension/index.html). 

Know about OSE extensiblity framework. 

## How Can I Contribute?
- Report/Fix bugs
- Suggest/Implement enhancements
- Add OSE extensiblity implementation for new object storage platforms

## Contribution Process
Follow the [GitHub process](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo)

## Code Style
Java - [Intellij](https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/) default code style

Python -  PEP8 standards: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/pep8

## Required Information
We follow the conventions on [How to Write a Git Commit Message](http://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/).

Please send a GitHub Pull Request with a clear list of what you've done.

When opening a new issue, try to roughly follow the commit message format conventions.

The following information must be included for new committed sample implementation.
- Author Name and Email Address
- Compatible OSE and Storage Platform Version
- Minimal/High Level Description
- Any KNOWN limitations or dependencies
