README.md, before:


# object-storage-extension-samples

## Overview
[VMware Cloud Director Object Storage Extension](https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-Cloud-Director-Object-Storage-Extension/index.html) (OSE) is a midware which provides the capability of consuming object storage services for Cloud Director users.

Since version 2.0, OSE opens extensibility framework for vendor and community to integrate third-party object storage platforms. 

This project includes sample implentation of extensively integrated object storage platforms for OSE, but not limited to these.

## Samples
* Object Storage Interoperability Services (OSIS) CEPH Reference Implementation is an implementation of OSIS for CEPH.

## Contributing

The object-storage-extension-samples project team welcomes contributions from the community. Before you start working with object-storage-extension-samples, please
read our [Developer Certificate of Origin](https://cla.vmware.com/dco). All contributions to this repository must be
signed as described on that page. Your signature certifies that you wrote the patch or have the right to pass it on
as an open-source patch. For more detailed information, refer to [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md).

Commit message:

update README.md CONTRIBUTING.md and source code copyright

README.md, after:


# object-storage-extension-samples

## Overview
[VMware Cloud Director Object Storage Extension](https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-Cloud-Director-Object-Storage-Extension/index.html) (OSE) is a midware which provides the capability of consuming object storage services for Cloud Director users.

Since version 2.0, OSE opens extensibility framework for vendor and community to integrate third-party object storage platforms. 

This project includes sample implentation of extensively integrated object storage platforms for OSE, but not limited to these.

## Samples
* Object Storage Interoperability Services (OSIS) CEPH Reference Implementation is an implementation of OSIS for CEPH.

## Contributing

The object-storage-extension-samples project team welcomes contributions from the community. If you wish to contribute code and you have not signed our contributor license agreement (CLA), our bot will update the issue when you open a Pull Request. For any questions about the CLA process, please refer to our [FAQ](https://cla.vmware.com/faq).

All contributions to this repository must be signed as described on that page. Your signature certifies that you wrote the patch or have the right to pass it on as an open-source patch. For more detailed information, refer to [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md).
